Multiple transport protocols (#18)
TDex-network/tdex-specs: 02-transport-protocol.md

# BOTD #2: Transport Protocol

## Overview

All communications between two *peers* SHOULD be encrypted in order to provide confidentiality for all transcripts and is authenticated in order to avoid malicious interference. 

### Transport announcement

> Each *peer* MUST decides and MUST anounces which transport protocol wants to use for the connection, one or more combined between:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each *peer* MUST decide and MUST announce which transport protocol wants to use for the connection, one or more combined between:
```

* Clear text `insecure`
* Onion service `onion`
* Server-side TLS `TLS`
* Mutual TLS `mTLS`
* Noise_XK_secp256k1_ChaChaPoly_SHA256 `noise`

> Each peer SHOULD be reachable on the default TCP port **9945** and, if so, MUST expose then a plaintext HTTP/2 endpoint that announces the chosen transports responding with an `AvailableTransport` protobuf message, setting the response as `ContentType` as `application/protobuf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each peer SHOULD be reachable on the default TCP port **9945** and, if so, MUST expose then a plaintext HTTP/2 endpoint that announces the chosen transports responding with an `AvailableTransport` protobuf message, setting the response `ContentType` as `application/protobuf`
```

>setting the response `ContentType` as `application/protobuf`

What are you trying to say with this? Why are you talking of ContentType that reminds to HTTP/1 request/response headers?

Author: Well HTTP/2 has content type same as 1 :D What I'm trying to say is that we are not forcing here to be gRPC, but plain http/2 with protobuf message as response.
